<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/58097ae96037b88f57000105/train/javascript target="_blank">From..To..Series #7: from sentence to camelCase. Can you convert it?</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><h1 id="description">Description:</h1><p> Give you a sentence <code>s</code>. It contains some words and separated by spaces. Another arguments is <code>n</code>, its a number(1,2 or 3). You should convert <code>s</code> to  camelCase n.</p><p> There are three kinds of camelCase:</p><pre><code>camelCase 1: The first letter of each word should be capitalized.               Except for the first word.Example: "Hello world"  --&gt;  "helloWorld"camelCase 2: The last letter of each word should be capitalized.               Except for the last word. Example: "Hello world"  --&gt;  "hellOworld"camelCase 3: The first and last letters of each word should be capitalized.               Except for the first and lasts letter of sentence. Example: "Hello world"  --&gt;  "hellOWorld" </code></pre><p> You can assume that all of the input data is valid. That is: <code>s</code> always be a string; It contains at least two words; Each word contains only letters(a-zA-Z); Each word contains ar least three letters; <code>n</code> always be 1,2 or 3.</p><h1 id="examples">Examples</h1><pre><code>toCamelCase("hello world",1) === "helloWorld"toCamelCase("hello world",2) === "hellOworld"toCamelCase("hello world",3) === "hellOWorld"toCamelCase("Hello world",1) === "helloWorld"toCamelCase("Each number plus one",1) === "eachNumberPlusOne"toCamelCase("Each number plus one",2) === "eacHnumbeRpluSone"toCamelCase("Each number plus one",3) === "eacHNumbeRPluSOne"</code></pre><p>Random tests may contains bug(I'm not sure), please test and feedback, thanks ;-)</p>